https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easylist.txt easylist.txt
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easylistchina.txt easylistchina.txt
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easyprivacy.txt easyprivacy.txt
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easylist-cookie.txt easylist-cookie.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/privacy-protection-tools/anti-AD/master/anti-ad-easylist.txt anti-ad.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adbyby/xwhyc-rules/master/lazy.txt adbyby-lazy.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adbyby/xwhyc-rules/master/video.txt adbyby-video.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cjx82630/cjxlist/master/cjx-annoyance.txt cjx-annoyance.txt
https://www.i-dont-care-about-cookies.eu/abp/ i-dont-care-about-cookies.txt
https://gitee.com/xinggsf/Adblock-Rule/raw/master/rule.txt xinggsf-rule.txt
https://gitee.com/xinggsf/Adblock-Rule/raw/master/mv.txt xinggsf-mv.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zsakvo/AdGuard-Custom-Rule/master/rule/zhihu.txt zhihu.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zsakvo/AdGuard-Custom-Rule/master/rule/zhihu-strict.txt zhihu-strict.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jdlingyu/ad-wars/master/hosts ad-wars-hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Goooler/1024_hosts/master/hosts 1024-hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/googlehosts/hosts/master/hosts-files/hosts google-hosts
https://hblock.molinero.xyz/hosts hblock-hosts
http://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt mvps-hosts
https://hosts.nfz.moe/full/hosts neo-hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts steven-black-hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vokins/yhosts/master/hosts yhosts-hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yous/YousList/master/hosts.txt yourlist-hosts